hi lovely people of a future but look
what I am I am in my garden and I gonna
cook a fantastic minestrone with 12
different vegetable insides remember
connect this minestrone any times of the
year and let's enjoy we just have to
cook all this very very slowly so piece
Bharati beans broad beans onion so easy
so delicious celery
allelujah love the celery down lovely
flavor over celery go Jets yellow and
green lick broccoli included the stalk
of broccoli come on
potato pumpkins straight inside carrot
lovely cabbage you know you need cabbage
tomato but then 20 basil just put
everything inside again you're gonna
have the very very good stock so that is
all boil of a nice long season already
you don't have to do anything you don't
want to put all the pill stuff inside
you just putting it so back yeah let's
lift it this one look at that drizzle
over some nice extra virgin olive oil
then you crush the garlic but three
clove of garlic crush it
it takes more longer to pick on a garlic
and they actually put them everything
together you must use stalk or parsley
it's got so much flavor you don't have
to do fine yes
whoa flavor you stir them a little bit
look up delicious everything is inside
you want to get that amount as well
fantastic
try let's let's pull him up to boil at
now
hey taste is so good when you come up to
boiler you put a nice past inside it
look like spaghetti but actually got the
little hole at the bucatini we continue
there very good you can use also
different the shape of a pasta I mean
you got some spaghetti leftover just a
you know break it handful don't put it
too much just end for you staring and
you wait to the pasta to be cooked look
at this everything is done now I'm gonna
turn it off let's start to serve it
which dish I'm going to use it this one
fantastic lovely rustic we also all look
at appropriate one or this one you know
what I love the tree so let's do it
so first one lovely minestrone lovely
Minister not too much yes there is a
little bit of basil on every single one
because the basil gives a lovely flavor
little parmesan drizzle of olive oil and
this is chunky minestrone it if you want
to see me make more this fantastic dish
what we going to do it watch food Tube
channel all Gennaro Contaldo YouTube and
let's enjoy all together like now for
the moment a river dish I love you and I
go quite a few people to Freedia ciao
this recipe was adapted from one in my
box called Gennaro is Italian let me
know what you think you're lovely
people's love y'all
you